Basic Data Types: Add clarification (#28468)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: ruby/basic_ruby/basic_data_types.md

<div class="lesson-content__panel" markdown="1">

> 1. Read the [Basics chapter of LaunchSchool's *Introduction to Programming With Ruby*](https://launchschool.com/books/ruby/read/basics) for a different explanation of Ruby's data types and complete the exercises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Read the [Basics chapter of LaunchSchool's *Introduction to Programming With Ruby*](https://launchschool.com/books/ruby/read/basics) for a different explanation of Ruby's data types. Be sure to also complete the exercises.
```
Recommend a slight wording change here because it reads a bit awkwardly being in the same previous sentence.
